hey everyone its Katie aka miss pink
melts away for those of you who do not
know me and my channels on weight loss
and self-esteem March 31st of 2013 I was
211 pounds and now currently I'm about
123 pounds give or take three pounds
either way but today is Thanksgiving and
I wanted to make this video really quick
I have more videos I want to make soon I
have two more weeks before I end my
first semester of college and so I'm
trying to push through but that I'll
make more videos soon and I just wanted
to also dress real quick
I've been responding to comments on the
YouTube thing just because YouTube's new
layout won't allow me to so I don't want
anyone to think that I'm ignoring them
if I can't respond to you it's not it's
not me it's the fact that YouTube's not
letting me and it's just the new format
I'm hoping they change that but anyways
I wanted to talk about Thanksgiving and
choices and you know this this is
directed towards the whole holiday
season I mean it's tough especially for
me cuz I'm a sweet tooth I used to be
the biggest salt tooth with chips but
now it's all about the white chocolate
and ice cream and cookies and you know
it's difficult for me to you just have
to remember to take your weight-loss
journey one day at a time if you mess up
don't give up on yourself I mean we have
our whole lives to be who we want to be
um but don't don't give up on yourself
take it one day at a time if you mess up
do better the next day um you know I
mess up too we all do but throughout my
journey I didn't I did not cheat and
that's what I told myself I would give
myself those cheat days and I was I
would you know be able to enjoy other
foods once I was where I want to be and
that's really the only way I think I
ever would have been able to do the
journey if I had cheated throughout my
journey I would have gone discouraged
and that goes along with motivation but
I wanted to talk about Thanksgiving
because a lot of people feel like
Thanksgiving that's the day you stuffed
your face and that's what Thanksgiving
is all about no that is not what
Thanksgiving is all about it's about
love and being appreciative for
everything you have in your life and
Thanksgiving this year has been the most
important Thanksgiving I have
were gone through because I've gotten my
life back this year I worked so hard and
I have so many people to be thankful to
I want to thank my church I want to
thank my family and my friends so much
for being so supportive to me I want to
thank above all God for giving me my
life back because I never would have
been able to do this journey without
without him but I also want to thank you
guys on YouTube you guys have been such
a support to me and I really appreciate
all of the kind words and encouragement
because I try and give encouragement to
you but you guys give encouragement to
me and I feel so incredibly blessed for
everything that that this YouTube
channel has given me um and so I just
wanted to give back some of the things
that I was thinking about today because
I definitely feel those cravings to
stuff my face but at the end of the day
I know what I'm the next day I'm gonna
wake up I'm gonna feel like crap I'm
gonna be sad and I don't like that I
like to be happy and I try and keep my
life positive because for so long I was
in such a dark place and it was just
negative all the time um but remember
that Thanksgiving is about giving things
and being with loved ones and family and
you don't have to stuff your face in
order to enjoy the holidays just
remember that Thanksgiving is about
being thankful for everything so if
you're on your own weight-loss journey
be thankful that you have food to eat I
mean there's people out there that are
starving and yet you know we just stuff
our faces and I just I'm one of those
people I have to really think about what
other people are in the world are where
they are around for their lives compared
to my life because I feel like I've been
blessed with so much and I don't ever
want to take take for granted everything
that's given me everything that's been
given to me but um I just wanted to
remind you guys that you can sit at the
table eat healthy food or just eat in
moderation and and not feel guilty about
it and just be thankful that you you
have those loved ones that could be
surrounded and I feel like um one thing
I just wanted to say real quick I want
to make another video just on motivation
but I wanted to remind you guys if you
guys you guys always asked how do I stay
motivated it's love
like I truly believe that in my church
and we've been doing a lot of lessons
lately talking about Jesus and love and
the only way to be successful with a
weight loss journey like this is to love
yourself love other people and and
spread that love and it's with love that
you're just happy and you're filled with
joy and I did not cheat throughout my
journey because I finally loved myself
and I definitely feel like I have a much
stronger love for other people now I'm
no longer that selfish person that
inside I was I just was always thinking
about myself and how bad I had it and
now I really think about other people
and so um yeah I just wanted to make
this video really quick I have a family
downstairs and yeah but it's 2013 of
Thanksgiving and I just wanted to make
this really quick and get that out there
because I want all of you guys to
remember that if you have a goal in mind
don't let any holiday get in the way of
that this is the time to be happy and
enjoy you know being with loved ones and
this is not the time to be depressed and
full of cookies all the time even though
we all love them but much love from this
pink melts away sorry really quick I
also wanted to add my girl ariana uses a
day
I don't even sure I'm for pronouncing
her last name right um she I met her on
YouTube and if you guys have seen some
of my other videos or my my trip to
SoCal um video she's in it and I met her
on YouTube and she's an amazing girl and
she's actually making her own YouTube
channel it's PR and beauty I'm gonna add
her link in the description below but
you guys should totally check her out
she is a beauty guru and I know a lot of
girls watch my channel and if you guys
are into any beauty or makeup things she
is brilliant with that stuff so I'm
check her out yeah